Enhance Radarr integration documentation (#43014)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/radarr.markdown

ha_integration_type: service
---

The **Radarr** {% term integration %} pulls data from a given [Radarr](https://radarr.video/) instance.
Your API key can be found in Settings > General in the Radarr Web UI.

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

## Integration entities

### Binary sensor

- **Health**: Shows if the Radarr instance is healthy. This is determined to have a problem if Radarr cannot communicate with any enabled download clients or no indexers are available for RSS feeds or searches.

### Calendar

A calendar entity will be created indicating the day of release and the type of release, such as Cinemas, Digital, or Physical.

### Sensors

> - **Disk Space**: Shows the disk space available to Radarr in gigabytes. A separate sensor is created for each storage path configured in Radarr (e.g., `sensor.radarr_disk_space_movies`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Disk space**: Shows the disk space available to Radarr in gigabytes. A separate sensor is created for each storage path configured in Radarr (for example: `sensor.radarr_disk_space_movies`).
```
Normally, we use [sentence-style capitalization](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/capitalization), also in UI strings. It's ok to keep the heading-style capitalization in the documentation if this is what is used in the UI.

Author: @c0ffeeca7 as this is my first contribution.. how are conversszation resolutions handled?
Am i fixing and the reporter resolving the conversation or should i fix AND resolve the conversation?

Thank you!

Reviewer: Feel free to resolve. If a reviewer wants to come back to it, they can unresolve and continue the discussion.

- **Movies**: Shows the number of movies in the Radarr database. (disabled by default)

> - **Queue**: The number of movies in the download queue. Attributes include movie title and download progress percentage for each queued item (e.g., `The Matrix Reloaded: "45.32%"`). (disabled by default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Queue**: The number of movies in the download queue. Attributes include movie title and download progress percentage for each queued item (for example: `The Matrix Reloaded: "45.32%"`). (disabled by default)
```
we prefer "for example", or "such as" over e.g., see also https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/e/eg

> - **Start Time**: The time when Radarr was last restarted. (disabled by default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Start time**: The time when Radarr was last restarted. (disabled by default)
```
